>> Brian Holt: So I've cut a commit here.
And so if you're interested in that,
you can go grab the commit right there.
This is in the branch SSR.
But I want to take this one step
further because React server-side
rendering got better with 16.0,
I guess, yeah, 16.0.
Right now, this is a pretty small
application so this would be good for
what we're doing.
But imagine we have a super, super long
document that takes a while to render.
That could be a problem with this because
this is gonna really slow down as it's
doing all that server-side rendering,
particularly when some of
it's already done upfront.
So would it be great if we could
stream the markup to someone?
If they immediately call the page and
I just immediately flush something out to
them so they can see something, right?
That would be pretty cool.
With React 16, that became possible
with a method called renderToNodeStream.
So I want you to go back and
open your app.js.
I want you to change instead,
sorry, not app.js, but server.js.
Rather than say renderToString, I want
you to say renderToNodeStream, okay?
>> Brian Holt: So
we're gonna reorganize this a little bit.
So rather than just doing
one res.send down here,
we're going to res.send a couple of times.
So the very first thing when someone,
in fact,
I can just get rid of that right there.
The first thing that I'm gonna
do when someone makes a request,
I'm going to immediately
flush out the header.
So I'm gonna say res.write(parts[0]).
So the first thing they're
gonna get all the CSS,
they're gonna get all
the title of the document.
And this is gonna be a big performance
one because immediately there gonna start
loading CSS.
Whereas before they had to wait for
the entire document to finish
before they start downloading CSS.
While you're still finishing your
server side rendering, guess what?
They're downloading your CSS.
So you're just getting ahead of
the curve here a little bit.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
After that then I'm gonna
do the res.markup stuff, or
the reactMarkup stuff.
Then I'm gonna do const stream
= renderToNodeStream(reactMarkup).
Okay, so this is going to be what's called
a NodeStream which I'm not gonna get
too much into.
It's a primitive type for
node that you can have data returns
multiple times basically, right?
It's gonna be a stream of oncoming data.
And I'm gonna say stream.on,
or sorry, stream.pipe first,
stream.pipe(res, [ end: false ]).
So what this is gonna do is it's gonna
take stream as it has more data coming
back from React rendering.
It's gonna just pipe that into res, right?
Pipe in the sense of bash, right?
It's like connecting two pipes together.
That the stream pipe is now
connected to the res pipe, right?
This end: false thing is once this
stream finishes, I'm not done yet,
cuz I still have to write the footer,
right?
parts[1] up here.
Here I'm gonna say stream.on("end") so
once it is finished, run this function.
>> Brian Holt: What I want it to do
is I want it to res.write(parts[1]).
And then up here,
I'll just move this res.end in here.
So once this has ended, once I've written
parts[1], then I want to finish, right?
And I'll close the stream.
>> Brian Holt: And
everything else stays the same.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go start and
stop our server again.
Keep in mind this is not live reloading.
So every time that you make any sort of
modification to this, you have to stop and
start your server.
If you wanna have that
kind of live reload,
you're gonna use something
called node daemon.
I won't show you how to do it but
just know that it's out there.
>> Brian Holt: So now if I refresh this
page, honestly largely, you're not gonna
to see much of a difference, right,
because this is such a small application.
But I wanted to show you how
you do streams, right, so
you can have multiple kind of chunks
being loaded at the same time.
This will be much better if
you have a large application.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, even this won't
really see cuz the chunks return so
quickly that it's hard to
really see that happening.
But it's a huge, huge win.
>> Brian Holt: Any questions about this?
>> Brian Holt: This is always
something you wanna measure,
how much this is benefitting you,
because obviously there are trade offs.
Usually, server-side rendering is a win,
but it is not always a win.
In this particular application,
where this pedadoctor app is so small,
it's probably a net lost.
It's probably faster to just
download all the markup and
download all the job descript and
have them react to application
bootstrap client-side, so it depends.
>> Brian Holt: Great,
that's service side rendering.
That's really all there is to it, so,
>> Brian Holt: Something you can
definitely do.